He said that he would give Shehbaz so much tension that the PM will have to take sleeping pills. But the PTI chairman did not reveal his plans. Imran said that they would dissolve the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly within a week after dissolution of the Punjab Assembly. The PTI chairman further said that the party would hash out the details of the move in a party meeting on Sunday and carry out full planning for not only the trust vote but also other plans. He said that the Pakistan Democratic Alliance and the government do not understand that the time has changed. Referring to the recent vote of confidence taken by Punjab Chief Minister (CM) Pervaiz Elahi, Imran Khan lauded PMLQ leader Moonis Elahi for ‘working hard’ at the last moment to achieve the required numbers. He said that ministers from Sindh came along Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) co-Chairman Asif Ali Zardari to buy PTI parliamentarians. “Our MPs were also receiving calls from unknown numbers. They were being told that Imran Khan was not going to come to power.” Imran said that establishment tried to break us. “Where the establishment stands, Punjab stands there. It never happened that Punjab stood against the establishment. The real change happened when Punjab stood against the establishment,” he said. He said that the sacrifice Pervaiz Elahi gave has been much appreciated in the PTI. He said that they were suggesting Pervaiz Elahi to merge his party with the PTI. He said that in upcoming polls only PTI ticket will win, so it was also in the PMLQ interest. He said that there was a need of strong government which can take difficult decisions. Imran said that “those who were doing political engineering; they are uniting the Muttahida Qaumi Movement; asking Balochistan Awami Party (BAP) to join Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP); bringing PPP to south Punjab; Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam being backed in the KP, and in Punjab MPs are being asked to join Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz (PMLN) saying that Imran Khan’s name has been crossed.” He said that Sheikh Mujibur Rahman name was also crossed and the country had gone to the dogs. He said that Karachi was destroyed in an attempt to sabotage the PPP by creating the MQM. He said that Nawab Akbar Bugti’s name was crossed and Balochistan has never been normal since then. “You destroy your own country by putting a cross on name,” he said. He said that Pakistan needs a stable government but engineering is being done to bring an unstable one. Coming to the PDM government he said that such powerless government cannot come, adding that they cannot unite until an order comes from the GHQ. He said the government cannot take a single dicision and that all were making money. About assassination attempt on him, Arshad Sharif murder case, Azam Swati and Shahbaz Gill episodes, Imran said that “if you do this your country and no judicial institution budges on this. Your courts do not protect your fundamental rights, then there is no difference between a banana republic and this [country].” He said that all state institutions will have to join to cope with the current situation. The PTI chief said that establishment’s and his interests are same. If the country goes down like Sri Lanka or Egypt, it will be a loss for the establishment He said that if our security was compromised like those of Sri Lanka and Egypt then this country would break. He said that for reconciliation they should tell Azam Swati.
rned to democratic governance, which has continued to this day. The country's rich historical legacy is reflected in part by its 18 UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate, shall, before it become a Law, be presented to the President of the United States: If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall return it, with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated, who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill, it shall be sent, together with the Objections, to the other House, by which it shall likewise be reconsidered, and if approved by two thirds of that House, it shall become a Law. But in all such Cases the Votes of both Houses shall be determined by Yeas and Nays, and the Names of the Persons voting for and against the Bill.